feat: bbox shrinking in xycut algo, better natural reading order (#1560)
Unstructured-IO/unstructured: CHANGELOG.md

### Enhancements

> * **Improve `xy-cut` sorting by pre/post processing bboxes**. The new behavior is to shrink all bounding boxes by 90% along x and y axes (still centered around the same center point).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Better detection of natural reading order in images and PDF's** Improves `xy-cut` sorting by pre/post processing bboxes. The new behavior is to shrink all bounding boxes by 90% along x and y axes (still centered around the same center point), which allows projection lines to be drawn where not possible before if layout bboxes overlapped.
```

> * **Better detection of natural reading order in images and PDF's** Improves `xy-cut` sorting by pre/post processing bboxes. The new behavior is to shrink all bounding boxes by 90% along x and y axes (still centered around the same center point), which allows projection lines to be drawn where not possible before if layout bboxes overlapped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Better detection of natural reading order in images and PDF's** The elements returned by partition better reflect natural reading order in some cases, particularly in complicated multi-column layouts, leading to better chunking and retrieval for downstream applications. Achieved by improving the `xy-cut` sorting to preprocess bboxes, shrinking all bounding boxes by 90% along x and y axes (still centered around the same center point), which allows projection lines to be drawn where not possible before if layout bboxes overlapped.
```
